Removing s3 mentions (#89)
ceramicnetwork/docs-docusaurus: docs/composedb/guides/composedb-server/running-in-the-cloud.mdx

:::danger

> To run a Ceramic node in production, it is critical to persist the [Ceramic state store](../../../protocol/js-ceramic/guides/ceramic-nodes/running-cloud#ceramic-state-store), [IPFS datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/config.md#datastorespec) as well as Postgres database. The form of storage you choose should also be configured for an emergency recovery with data redundancy, and some form of snapshotting and/or backups. **Loss of this data can result in permanent loss of Ceramic streams and will cause your node to be in a corrupt state.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a Ceramic node in production, it is critical to persist the [Ceramic state store](../../../protocol/js-ceramic/guides/ceramic-nodes/running-cloud#ceramic-state-store), [IPFS datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/config.md#datastorespec), and the Postgres database used for the ComposeDB index. The form of storage you choose should also be configured for an emergency recovery with data redundancy, and some form of snapshotting and/or backups. **Loss of this data can result in permanent loss of Ceramic streams and will cause your node to be in a corrupt state.**
```

> Your backup cadence should implement the following order:

Reviewer: huh, I was going to say that this isn't using the word "cadence" right, but I googled it and it does indeed seem that there is a definition related to word ordering!   Thanks for teaching me something new today!  I do still think of "cadence" as being more often about the rhythm/tempo than the ordering though.

In any case, I think just changing the word to "process" will make the sentence clearer.

> Your backup cadence should implement the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your backup procedure should implement the following order:
```
